In this section of the course, we’ll learn about our first compound data type.
A compound type is to type that's made up of other types.
First, we'll learn about arrays, what they are and why we use them?
We'll go over the syntax for declaring and initializing arrays,
and we'll learn how to access the individual elements of an array.
Then we'll talk about multidimensional arrays.
These can be two-dimensional or three-dimensional arrays
or they can be as many dimensions as you need.
They can be very useful for modeling grids, boards and much more complex data types.
Then we’ll learn about vectors. Vectors are better than arrays in so many ways,
and we'll discuss their advantages.
In fact, in modern c++, we rarely use raw arrays,
instead we use vectors. So why cover arrays at all?
I think it's important to understand arrays
since there's so much legacy c++ code out there.
And conceptually, they're easy to understand
and will add to your overall knowledge in c++.
Okay, so let's get started learning about our first compound data type, arrays.